So we had a very unusual way to building requirements.
We had the car build the requirements for us.
I'm very well aware that there's
a rich literature on redundant systems and on safety assurance.
But at the time,
I felt we could get in trouble with another peer system or
build a better software solution for driving over intersections, or other terrain.
And when I looked at where were the cars most important failures,
they were not in the computer architecture.
We never really had a computer failure.
We've had lots, and lots,
and lots, and lots, of software failures.
So what we end up doing is we started a testing team,
and testing team grew into like 10-15 people team very rapidly,
and we send them out every day and say, "Go and test".
They hit a button in the car and when something happen of interest,
they will just hit the button,
record the voice and say, "Here's what I saw".
That stream would automatically give back to the engineers,
and every night engineers would look over and say,
"There's a mapping error, or there's a localization error,
or there's a software error of this type.
Oh my God, there's a flying stroller coming from
a cliff and meeting a rotten tomato halfway, that's the problem."
And then we would, every week,
trial these problems into a long list.
And typically there was one problem has accounted for 80% of the problems.
The next taking of a problem was another 15% and then it percolates all the way down.
And we end up just fixing the biggest problem.
Every time we fixed the biggest problem the car got twice as good,
three- four times as good.
And as a result, it got about,
I would say ten times as good every year, roughly, every year.